ANP CSS-Networking-dns-settings.md (#123859)
Azure/azure-content: articles/firewall/dns-settings.md

DNS proxy configuration requires three steps:
1. Enable the DNS proxy in Azure Firewall DNS settings.
2. Optionally, configure your custom DNS server or use the provided default.
3. Configure the Azure Firewall private IP address as a custom DNS address in your virtual network DNS server settings to direct DNS traffic to the Azure Firewall.
   
> [!NOTE]

> >  If you choose to use a custom DNS server, select any IP address within the VNET, excluding those in the Azure Firewall subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  If you choose to use a custom DNS server, select any IP address within the virtual network, excluding those in the Azure Firewall subnet.
```
